[Music]
hello and welcome to my home
I'm dr. Sanjay Gupta I think right
I could be him I'm honestly not sure
anymore
I'm in a house doing a show to no one
I'm beginning to understand why mr.
Roger started using puppets on his show
I want to wish special hello to those of
you who've watched the Disney families
sing-along tonight I don't know about
you but at our house every day is the
Disney family sing-along
but today marks one full month since
kids have been home from school here in
LA I think more than anything when I
think about what I missed that rush of
endorphins you feel when the the car
door slams shut you peel out of the
preschool parking lot like a Duke of
Hazzard or something my cousin Sal and
his wife have a great idea they've
decided they're sending their kids back
to school on May 1st no matter what even
if it's closed it's closed they can hang
out by the hopscotch until 3 o'clock
there's word now that students who are
applying for college may take the SAT
and a CT tests from home this year which
boy if only Felicity Huffman had waited
you know what does a college acceptance
letter even look like right now
we are pleased to inform you you get to
stay at home and send us Word documents
95% of the country is under stay at home
order right now not everyone agrees with
that there have been protests in
multiple states like Michigan Kentucky
and Ohio this one went on outside the
Ohio State House if you're curious as to
what all that schmutz on the window
there is that is the corona virus yes so
well done the real problem is you can't
make Americans do anything we just won't
if you tell us to do something we won't
do we only exist because someone tried
to make us pay extra for tea once at the
Michigan State Capitol yesterday there
was a major demonstration and this
protester with her spelling of the word
governor showed us how important it is
that we do get
schools open ASAP and if you're
wondering why specifically these people
are so angry that they would gather and
risk extending this pandemic I'll let
this guy explain it to you I can't go
between those houses you can't buy paint
you can't fight a law you can't pay lawn
fertilizer or grass seed or whatever
come on come on my lawn isn't gonna
paint itself
he's got the need for seed the president
has also been working from home today he
held what he described as a major news
conference on the subject of getting
business going again he is determined to
reopen this country like a bankrupt
casino so he had a conference call with
all the governors of all the states
today on the call he outlined federal
guidelines but told governor's they will
call their own shots which is
interesting because earlier this week he
said the President of the United States
calls the shots in three days he went
from I call the shots do you do you
whatever he laid out three major steps
toward restarting the economy phase one
open the golf courses phase two open
hotels that rhyme with hump and number
three all restaurants that serve food in
buckets or in the form of nuggets are
good to go yesterday Trump was asked why
the decision was made to put his name on
every stimulus relief check that gets
sent out turns out he had nothing to do
with that at all mr. president why did
you have your name
virus relief checks well I don't know
too much about it but I understand my
name is there I don't know where they're
going how they're going I do understand
it's not delaying anything and I'm
satisfied with that I don't I don't
imagine it's a big jump short people
will be very happy to get a big fat
beautiful check and my name is on it
yeah go ahead please write them don't be
so have probably people won't even catch
them they'll be so happy don't want to
frame them to hang on on the wall over
the Precious Moments figurines my
co-workers and I are fortunate that
we've been able to do a version of our
show every night but some members of our
staff are getting anxious for our
announcer Dicky Barrett I think he's
been at home too long because he's
starting to do weird things
[Applause]
children your father needs help well I'm
glad that we got to see what I think he
looks like in a robe and one more thing
before we press on a glimmer of beauty
in these grim and depressing times this
video was captured outside a home in
Philadelphia woman noticed that her dogs
were looking at something out the window
and right there out the window lo and
behold was a groundhog eating a slice of
pizza which think means we have another
two weeks of home confinement but this
groundhog just kept chomping away
apparently for more than an hour
you've heard of Punxsutawney Phil this
is Quarren Tiny Tim kind of looks like
me every night for the last three weeks
you know some people are comparing the
ground out to the pizza rat which is
funny every time an animal is on video
now eating human food you hear move over
pizza rat but here's a little reality
check the pizza rat that was five years
ago
rats have a life expectancy of like two
years he's dead people the pee
rat is dead sorry is now a bad time for
that information